EZEE-3247 - Upgrade Guide update (#1228)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/upgrading/3_upgrade_app.md

`composer update --dry-run`

!!! caution "Upgrading packages"

    If your application consists of several packages that are placed in locations other than the `src/` folder, 

>     make sure that you apply the suggestions from the upgrade documentation to all the packages before you run `composer update`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    apply the suggestions from the upgrade documentation to all the packages before you run `composer update`.
```

>     make sure that you apply the suggestions from the upgrade documentation to all the packages before you run `composer update`.

Reviewer: or does this refer to the command above? Then:

```suggestion
    apply the suggestions above to all the packages before you run `composer update`.
```

!!! tip "Common errors"

>     If you experience issues during the update, such as [Cloning failure](../getting_started/troubleshooting.md#cloning-failed-using-an-ssh-key), see the Common errors section on the Composer about page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you experience issues during the update, such as a [cloning failure](../getting_started/troubleshooting.md#cloning-failed-using-an-ssh-key), see the Common errors section on the Composer about page.
```
